implement correct SE regridding (#82)
JuliaGeo/ConservativeRegridding.jl: docs/src/extensions/climacore.md

SE regridder type:

```julia
using ConservativeRegridding, ClimaCore, Oceananigans
using ClimaCore: CommonSpaces

# Create grids
space = CommonSpaces.CubedSphereSpace(; radius = 6.371e6, n_quad_points = 4, h_elem = 16)
grid  = LatitudeLongitudeGrid(size=(360, 180, 1), longitude=(0, 360), latitude=(-90, 90), z=(0,1))

# SE → FV
R_se2fv = Regridder(grid, space)      # returns SEtoFVRegridder

# FV → SE
R_fv2se = Regridder(space, grid)      # returns FVtoSERegridder

# SE → SE
space2 = CommonSpaces.CubedSphereSpace(; radius = 6.371e6, n_quad_points = 4, h_elem = 32)
R_se2se = Regridder(space2, space)    # returns SEtoSERegridder
```

### Converting between ClimaCore fields and flat vectors

The extension provides helpers to bridge ClimaCore's data layout with the flat
nodal vectors expected by `regrid!`:

```julia
const Ext = Base.get_extension(ConservativeRegridding, :ConservativeRegriddingClimaCoreExt)

# ClimaCore field → flat vector
src_vec = Ext.se_field_to_vec(field)

# Flat vector → ClimaCore field
dst_field = Fields.zeros(space)
Ext.vec_to_se_field!(dst_field, dst_vec)

# Node positions and weights (for diagnostics / verification)

> positions = Ext.se_node_positions(space)   # Vector{UnitSphericalPoint}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using ClimaCore: Fields
const ClimaCoreExt = Base.get_extension(ConservativeRegridding, :ConservativeRegriddingClimaCoreExt)

# ClimaCore field → flat vector
src_vec = ClimaCoreExt.se_field_to_vec(field)

# Flat vector → ClimaCore field
dst_field = Fields.zeros(space)
ClimaCoreExt.vec_to_se_field!(dst_field, dst_vec)

# Node positions and weights (for diagnostics / verification)
positions = ClimaCoreExt.se_node_positions(space)   # Vector{UnitSphericalPoint}
```
